docs(js): add doc for `components` (#507)
algolia/autocomplete: packages/website/docs/autocomplete-js.md

}>;
```

### `components`

> Components to register to the Autocomplete rendering lifecycles. They are then available in the [`templates`](templates), in [`render`](#render) and in [`renderNoResults`](#rendernoresults).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components to register in the Autocomplete rendering lifecycles. Registered components become available in [`templates`](templates), [`render`](#render), and in [`renderNoResults`](#rendernoresults).
```

```jsx
import { render } from 'preact';

> import { SearchByAlgolia } from './my-components';
> 
> autocomplete({
>   // ...
>   components: {
>     SearchByAlgolia,
>   },
>   render({ sections, components }, root) {
>     render(
>       <Fragment>
>         <div className="aa-PanelLayout aa-Panel--scollable">{sections}</div>
>         <components.SearchByAlgolia />

Reviewer: This can be confusing because we ship a `SearchByAlgolia` component in the Layout API.

```suggestion
import { MyComponent } from './my-components';

autocomplete({
  // ...
  components: {
    MyComponent,
  },
  render({ sections, components }, root) {
    render(
      <Fragment>
        <div className="aa-PanelLayout aa-Panel--scollable">{sections}</div>
        <components.MyComponent />
```

      </Fragment>,
      root
    );
  },
});
```

Four components are registered by default:

> - `Highlight`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Highlight` to highlight matches in Algolia results
```

> - `Snippet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Snippet` to snippet matches in Algolia results
```

> - `ReverseHighlight`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ReverseHighlight` to reverse highlight matches in Algolia results
```

> - `ReverseSnippet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ReverseSnippet` to reverse highlight and snippet matches in Algolia results
```
